Replace routers param with a much simpler routePrefix param (#875)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: README.md

    - Default: *[String]* `"503.js"`.

- `routePrefix`: *[String]* A subdirectory to mount your application to. Applies to all routes and static files.

>   - Example: When set to `"foo"` a route bound to `/` will be responded to at `/foo/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Example: When set to `"foo"` a route bound to `/` will be instead be bound to `/foo/`.
```

>   - Note: This prefix is exposed via the `routePrefix` express variable which can be handy for resolving the absolute paths to statics programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: This prefix is exposed via the `routePrefix` Express variable which should be used for resolving the absolute paths to statics programmatically.
    - TODO: show example of this.
```
